Add upgrade guide for v12 (#7430)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/upgrade.rst

This page covers changes introduced in each major version that users should know when migrating from older releases.
Please see also the :ref:`compatibility_matrix` for supported environments of each major version.

CuPy v12
========

Change in :class:`cupy.cuda.Device` Behavior
--------------------------------------------

The CUDA current device (set via :meth:`cupy.cuda.Device.use()` or ``cudaSetDevice()``) will be reactivated when exiting a device context manager.

> This is a revert of the :ref:`change introduced in CuPy v10 <change in CuPy Device behavior>`, making the behavior identical to the one in CuPy v9 or earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reverts the :ref:`change introduced in CuPy v10 <change in CuPy Device behavior>`, making the behavior identical to the one in CuPy v9 or earlier.
```
